---
date: '2022-10-01'
jobTitle: 'Senior Frontend Developer'
employer: 'gracedward'
url: 'https://tailwindcss.com/docs/visibility#making-elements-invisible'
scoreCV: 37
scoreCover: 94
init: '2022-11-11'
initNotes: 'Just started hello I am just trying to find a job in web development'
apply: '2022-11-11'
applyNotes: 'Just started hello I am just trying to find a job in web development  # hello  * silent  * quite'
interview: '2022-11-11'
interviewNotes: 'relative mt-3 rounded-md bg-bg-primary p-2 text-text-primary shadow shadow before:absolute before:-top-5 before:h-0 before: dfafsfdas asdfasdfasdfsadf w-0'
offer: '2022-11-11'
offerNotes: 'f asfsdf asdfasdfasdfsdf afsdfa fdsfdsa'
---

You will need to be self motivated and someone who is keen to develop their skills working in a genuinely agile and fast paced environment.

# Key Duties:

- Contribute to the on-going development of our exciting and market leading product with a focus on our front end web applications.
- Follow agile methodologies and techniques to support the software development lifecycle.
- Develop new features and applications whilst also supporting the rollout and deployment of existing.
- Work alongside lead/senior engineers to further develop your skills and knowledge.
- Proactively research tasks/topics and contribute ideas.

# Requirements

## Essential:

- Experience building with or knowledge of Javascript, HTML and CSS.
- IT related degree or equivalent experience

## Desired:

- Experience with one or more SPA framework (e.g. Angular, React, Vue, Aurelia etc.)
- Experience with Typescript and SCSS.
- Awareness of software design patterns, architecture and best practices.
- Awareness of browser compatibility and accessibility principals.
- Understanding of object orientated programming.
- Experience with or understanding of RESTful Apis.
- Willingness to be involved in UX/Design and experience with relevant tools (e.g. Adobe XD, Figma etc)
- Software security knowledge.
