---
date: ''
jobTitle: ''
employer: ''
url: ''
scoreCV: 0
scoreCover: undefined
init: ''
initNotes: ''
apply: ''
applyNotes: ''
interview: ''
interviewNotes: ''
offer: ''
offerNotes: ''
---

---

date: '2022-11-18'
jobTitle: 'Junior UI/UX Engineer'
employer: 'Some great company'
url: ''
scoreCV: undefined
scoreCover: undefined
init: '2022-11-18'
initNotes: 'Yeah, let's go!'
apply: ''
applyNotes: ''
interview: ''
interviewNotes: ''
offer: ''
offerNotes: ''

---

Key Duties:
Contribute to the on-going development of our exciting and market leading product with a focus on our front end web applications.
Follow agile methodologies and techniques to support the software development lifecycle.
Develop new features and applications whilst also supporting the rollout and deployment of existing.
Work alongside lead/senior engineers to further develop your skills and knowledge.
Proactively research tasks/topics and contribute ideas.

Requirements

Essential:
Experience building with or knowledge of Javascript, HTML and CSS.
IT related degree or equivalent experience

Desired:
Experience with one or more SPA framework (e.g. Angular, React, Vue, Aurelia etc.)
Experience with Typescript and SCSS.
Awareness of software design patterns, architecture and best practices.
Awareness of browser compatibility and accessibility principals.
Understanding of object orientated programming.
Experience with or understanding of RESTful Apis.
Willingness to be involved in UX/Design and experience with relevant tools (e.g. Adobe XD, Figma etc)
Software security knowledge.
